what is emmet?

Emmet is a plug in for many popular text editors which greatly improves HTML & CSS workflow
And Emmet does fulfill what they promise, you can use short expressions to generate HTML markup, CSS.


Difference between a Library and Framework?

both libraries and frameworks provide reusable code components, the key difference lies in the control flow: with a library, you control the flow of your application and use the library's functions as needed, while with a framework, your application follows the flow and structure defined by the framework


Why is React known as React?

The name "React" reflects this concept of reacting to changes in data. When data changes, React components react by updating the UI accordingly, providing a more dynamic and responsive user experience.


What is CDN? Why do we use it?
CDN stands for Content Delivery Network. It is a network of distributed servers strategically located across various geographical locations to deliver web content more efficiently to users.
Overall, CDNs help enhance the performance, scalability, reliability, and security of websites and applications, making them essential for delivering a fast and seamless user experience on the internet.


What is crossorigin in script tag?
The crossorigin attribute in the <script> tag is used to specify how the browser should handle loading of scripts from external domains (i.e., cross-origin scripts). It is primarily used for security purposes to mitigate risks associated with cross-origin resource sharing (CORS).
Here's a breakdown of its usage:

Anonymous: This is the default behavior if the crossorigin attribute is not specified. With anonymous, the browser does not send any credentials (such as cookies or HTTP authentication) along with the request for the script. This is suitable for public resources where authentication is not required.
<script src="https://example.com/script.js" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>


Use Credentials: If your script requires credentials (e.g., cookies) to be sent along with the request, you can specify crossorigin="use-credentials". This tells the browser to include credentials with the request for the script.
<script src="https://example.com/script.js" crossorigin="use-credentials"></script>


Cross-Origin Requests Blocked: If the server hosting the script does not support CORS or does not include the appropriate CORS headers, the browser may block the script from loading. In such cases, you may encounter a CORS error. The crossorigin attribute does not bypass CORS restrictions; it simply tells the browser how to handle requests for cross-origin scripts.

It's important to note that the crossorigin attribute is typically used when loading scripts from external domains, especially when those scripts may interact with sensitive user data or resources. By specifying the appropriate crossorigin value, you can ensure that the browser handles cross-origin requests securely and in accordance with your application's requirements.


What is diference between React and ReactDOM?
React provides the core functionality for building UI components and managing their state and lifecycle, 
ReactDOM is responsible for rendering those components to the browser DOM. They work together to enable the development of dynamic and interactive web applications using React.


What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?

react.development.js:
+This file is intended for use during development.
+It includes additional developer-friendly features such as informative error messages, warnings, and debugging tools.

react.production.js:
+This file is optimized for production use.
+It removes developer-friendly features like detailed error messages and warnings to reduce file size and improve performance.



What is async and defer?
async and defer are used to control the loading and execution behavior of scripts in HTML documents, allowing developers to optimize script loading for better performance and user experience

async:
The async attribute tells the browser to download the script asynchronously while continuing to parse the HTML document. Once the script is downloaded, it is executed asynchronously, meaning it does not block the parsing of the HTML document.

defer:
The defer attribute also tells the browser to download the script asynchronously, but it defers execution until the HTML document has been fully parsed and before the DOMContentLoaded event is fired